Formulation does not work with the tomato way. Creating lofty goals and keywords that are part of an ilformed idea of who you are and what you want to be. Anything artificial is not going to last. The highfalutin ideas about what a genius rock star you are will not endure the day to day struggle to get better. Of course you will never believe me and will have to learn by yourself. When you delete keywords that never get used and find yourself return over and over to the real and useful keywords.
That's okay. When you delete a keyword the app will ask you first if you really want to. It will also tell you have many tomatos will be effected by the removal of the keyword. The missing keyword value will be replaced by NULL. If you are a control freak and a bore, then you can go and replace all the NULLs with another value (see: Setup->Clean). Personally, I just let that stuff go. The idea is to improve by comparing the recent past with what you are producing now. If you want to be a detail historian, well the option is there for you.

The big picture idea is that this app is part of a process of stripping away false ideas about yourself. It's pretty deep. The process of creating doing tomatos every day makes you realize how dreadfully little you actually do. It's quite a shock. "I did nothing today" is something you might end of saying. But it not that you did nothing TODAY. You do nothing EVERY day. Only now you are using an app that shows in stark black and white, undeniable accounting for your ineffectualness. 

The daily use of this app will slowly begin to make you more productive. Through shame. But more importantly, after all who really cares how much you do in a day - I know I don't. The real process that is happening is you will begin to realize who you are and who you are not. 

"I don't actually like to meditate." That is something I recently realized. It's not really my personality. My meditation-like exercise, breathing and controlled thinking - happens in cycling for me. It's a lot like meditating. In fact it is exactly like meditating. So "breathing" is my keyword to replace all the previous, (4) instances of "meditation". Breathing works better for me anyway. Who the hell meditates? Normal people "breath" to get their brain straight. 
